Go ahead.
Alright, let me do a little voice to hear.
How's the weather out there?
Oh, it's pretty good. A little bit cloudy, starting to drizzle a little bit.
We need that.
Yeah. We had it rain out here for a while, but it's back to hot and dry.
Is that right?
Yeah.
Yeah, we've been reading about it in the paper.
Alright, still a little low, but it ought to do.
Okay.
I won't be using this speaker box. I'll just use the telephone directly.
Can you speak up just a little more?
Well, I'll try. How's that?
That's just fine.
Okay.
Alright, we'll go ahead and start with the questions about the Center for UFO Studies and what it does.
Alright.
Are you ready?
Go ahead.
Okay.
What is the Center for UFO Studies and what does it do?
The Center is a nonprofit organization made up of volunteers established in 1973 to provide a place for people to come forward with their sightings without fear of publicity or ridicule.
Okay. Exactly. What is your...what do you do with the Center for UFO Studies?
Well, I'm a scientific board member for the Center and also one of the field investigators.
The Center has approximately 35 to 40 professionals in various fields of science and we are asked then to consult on specific cases.
Okay.
If there were a first contact or a contact between aliens and humans, what type of psychological effect does that have on the person?
Well, the way you phrase the question, of course, it's awfully impossible to answer because there haven't been any that I know of.
Okay.
So I guess we'd have to put that in hypothetical terms. Is that what you're driving at?
Yeah, let me re-ask a question.
Okay.
Let's see.
Are you trying to get at the large scale social ramifications or the psychological?
No, this is a small scale like what type of effect has it had on a person who sighted a...
The close encounter of the third guy.
Right.
I see. Why don't you put that in the question now so that it's clear to the listeners.
Okay. What type of psychological effect has it had on a person who's had a close encounter of the third kind?
Well, Dave, there's really been a very broad range of responses so far.
A lot of people don't realize that there have been many hundreds of close encounters of the third kind.
Some of them have been documented rather fully.
The kinds of psychological responses people have had have ranged anywhere from fear and panic to a sense of peace and joy and well-being.
I would say in general that the individual personality type of the witness largely determines the kind of response they're going to give.
How conditioned are they to a stress response, for instance?
Are they used to in their past experiences, the social isolation or have they overcome ridicule in the past?
All of these factors, I think, play an important role in how people will react in a CE3 case.
Is there any specific personality to the type of people or there have been any specific types of people who cite UFOs, like one kind of person more than another?
Well, based upon the research done at the Center for UFO Studies on what is known as UFOCAT, which stands for UFO Catalog,
it's a computerized listing of well over 100,000 sightings now.
We don't seem to be able to find any strong relationships between personality profiles and the frequency of sightings.
We do find, however, that people with more education tend to be more likely to believe in UFOs.
So there is a tendency there in the belief structure of persons.
I guess that's about as far as it's possible to go at this time, Dave.
Let's pursue that particular line for just a second more.
Is there any particular reason why a person with a higher education might tend to believe in an unidentified flying object?
Well, I don't know, but it's possible at least that in the process of becoming educated in our universities and so forth,
that we're exposed to a broader range of ideas and we are somehow exposed to more creative thinking.
And part of that creativity might be that life does in fact exist in outer space.
In other words, planet Earth is the only abode of intelligent life.
And if that's true then, it would suggest that the more educated people are projecting those teachings and education upon their belief structure.
I think that's a very weak connection, I'm sure, and that would be really difficult to prove it.
That's just one possible explanation.
Okay, the next question is the one on what type of communication experiments are going on and you were going to talk about this city.
Well, I'm going to answer that in two parts.
Okay.
Well, go ahead and ask it.
What type of work is being done on how to communicate if contact is made between our world and some other?
Well, David, you phrased the question.
It implies that communication won't take place until contact has been made.
I think the opposite is really the case, that we would try to communicate in order to contact intelligent life elsewhere.
I know of two general approaches to communication with possible extraterrestrial intelligence.
One of them has to do with radio astronomy and it's called SETI, or Search for Extra-Terrestrial Intelligence.
The other has to do with UFO contact using visual means, and I'd like to discuss each one just very briefly.
The National Aeronautics Space Administration does have a small program called SETI.
And in this program, calculations are made and strategies are developed for aiming large diameter radio telescopes into outer space in different directions,
trying to receive a signal that might somehow indicate the presence of advanced intelligence out there.
And so we have to make certain assumptions in doing that, mankind does, in order to make sense of the signals that do come back,
because those large telescopes are very sensitive and they do receive all kinds of static and noise and so forth.
And so when the computer processes that static and noise, it looks for patterns,
and particularly patterns which might be intelligently produced, like repeating patterns,
like some coded signal, like Morse code for instance, that would seem to have some intelligence back to it.
We do know that certain kinds of star types in outer space, let's call them radiation sources,
do have highly precise and repeatable patterns of frequency, so that it isn't just the repeatability which is important,
because natural sources as I'm saying, that could produce those.
I do know, in the other realm of course, talking about UFOs,
I do know of an effort near Austin, Texas, of a ground site operated by a group called Project Starlight International.
And you may have heard of those people, Dave.
They've set up a large diameter circle of light, flashed lights on the ground,
and then they have them sequenced so that they come on sequentially around the diameter, the circumference of the circle,
and the organizers of that group believe that this is one way to try to attract attention to UFOs.
Well, this is just part of a larger effort to obtain objective data from the UFOs that might fly into the area
being attracted by that light signal.
That group has a rather impressive array of recorders, electromagnetic sensors.
So those are the two efforts that I know of right now, rather different in their approach to try to communicate with alleged advanced intelligence beings.
Okay, hold on for just a moment, let me check something.
Okay, back with you.
Okay.
Everything running alright?
Yeah, everything seems to be.
The levels are kind of low, but I think we can boost it up when we copy it.
Okay, good.
Alright, we're at the question where I'm going to ask you about if there's been any sort of work done on speculating what life forms might look like.
They're exobiology or exo-psychology.
Okay.
Alright.
Is there any work being done in trying to determine what aliens might look like and what their psychology might be like in reference to exobiology and exo-psychology?
Well, that's a very good question.
I think it is best answered by saying yes and no.
I do know of some theoretical work being done by biologists in postulating what different life forms might take under different environmental conditions.
For instance, bilateral symmetry and the need for locomotion.
I realize that time doesn't permit an extensive answer to this, but let's just think for a moment what it would be like to live on a very small diameter planet with a greater mass than, I'm sorry, a density that Earth has.
And perhaps with the center of gravity, not at the center of the planet, in such a situation trees wouldn't always grow vertical from the surface of the surrounding Earth, but would grow at angles.
They would be parallel, but depending on where on the Earth they were, they would be parallel.
And on an angle to the surface.
You get a picture here?
Yes.
So how would our balance organs, for instance, develop in the inner year, assuming that we had, you know, the advanced alien life form had balance organs, they'd have to sense that local gravity differential, or vector, we call it, so that as you walk along the surface of that small planet, you would vary the angle which you're walking relative to the ground.
Well, walking is one thing, but sensing with your eyes then, or visual sensors, the local vertical would be very different than we have it here on Earth.
And it might be something akin to these houses of mystery you find along the Pacific coast, like the Redwood Forest, you use optical tricks to pull the eye and the brain and the middle ear as to what is vertical.
And so you can cause water, for instance, to seem to go uphill, and you can set a bowling ball down on the floor and it will appear to roll uphill.
You can produce a very sprained, delusory effect.
So locomotion and coordination of locomotion might be drastically different.
The nature of the sensory impressions might be drastically different.
There might be a need, for instance, for spectral filters in front of the eyes of these aliens, if they exist.
On the planet Mars, we know that there are dust storms, and these dust storms can last for quite a period of time and can involve different colored dust.
Well, we just don't understand what the long-term effects of the colored light-filtering effect of that dust might have on the visual system.
Would they be able to see, for instance, in the same spectral band as we do on planet Earth?
I don't think so myself.
So this is all theoretical, of course.
I don't know of any research being done on it, purely because I'm not sure that it can be done.
It would take a extensively long period of time to carry out such a biological adaptation research.
And I think at this point we're really better off holding it to the area of theory.
Those are just a few of a very large range of subjects that one might talk about determining the form that alien life might take.
Is that what you're really driving at?
Right.
Okay. The next question deals with the movie Close Encounters and what the Center for UFO Studies did, and then you were going to give an explanation of the Close Encounter, the first, second, and third kind.
Okay. What do you want first?
Okay. I'm going to just ask you, you know, I'm going to first ask, did the Center for UFO Studies work with Steven Spielberg in Close Encounters?
And then you can say, yep. And then I'll go exactly what did y'all do or something like that, and then you can just fill it in from there.
Will that be all right?
Yeah, okay.
Okay. I'll be re-recording my questions so I'll, the machine doesn't record my questions, and they're as well as it records your answers.
I see. Okay.
So my questions will be the same content, but will be much better phrased whenever I put the show on. I'll try and sound as intelligent as your answers.
I see. Well, all right. But you are assuring me that you're at. Your questions aren't going to change, or anything.
No. My questions will be exactly the same content. In many cases, exactly the same words. It's just that the physical equipment, it records my voice, but it distorts terribly.
I see.
But it's made to record incoming signals.
Okay. That's fine.
And I just can't get the telephone company to help me out.
Sure.
All right. Did the Center for UFO Studies help Steven Spielberg with his movie Close Encounters of the Third Kind?
Well, Dave, the scientific director at the Center for UFO Studies, Dr. J. Allen Heineck, was a scientific consultant on that movie, but I don't know whether or not the files of cases at the Center were opened up for use in the movie or not.
Okay. See, how can we work this so you'll come up with an explanation of that first, second, third kind?
You want just kind of a natural lead into the definition?
Yeah. I'll go ahead and ask the question.
Okay.
Could you explain what an encounter of the first, second, and third kind are?
Yes. A close encounter of the first kind is defined as a UFO sighting which the object or phenomenon seen is relatively near the eyewitness.
And by relatively near we mean on the order of 0500 to 1,000 feet.
Because of that distance, then, it's usually involving a craft or large object of some angular size.
Like if you hold your fist out at arm's length, for instance, and then look at your fist, the object could be like that large or even larger.
Now, in a close encounter of the second kind, you have about the same kind of distance away from the witness.
However, the object or phenomenon does some physical changing to the atmosphere or the ground.
It might leave impressions in the ground, for instance, or it might break full-engined the tree branches as it comes down.
It might leave radiation in the soil, it might dehydrate the soil, or mat down the grass.
Now, those are both to be distinguished from a close encounter of the third kind, which I think most of us are familiar with now from the movie.
Those are, again, close encounters in terms of distance, but in this case, the witness reports seeing a humanoid, one or more humanoid, associated with the craft.
Now, these particular terms were developed some time ago by Dr. Feinick as a result of his extensive UFO research over the years.
Okay. If it's all right, we'll go slightly out of order of the questions.
I think it'd be a good time right here to follow it up with a question where I ask you for an example of an unexplained sighting.
Okay. I'll lead that off with asking you, you know, do you do fieldwork, and then you can answer that, yes, and a little bit of detail about what goes on with that.
And then I'll ask you about a, well, have you done any fieldwork where they came up with an unexplainable phenomenon?
Okay. Now, do you want me to just be very brief on the intro to that, as your main point, the case, or do you want some fieldwork example?
Yes. You want some tutorial here.
A little bit of tutorial wouldn't hurt at all.
Okay.
Let's go ahead.
Okay. Do you do field research for the center?
Yes, I do. One of approximately 10 or so people in the Amnus-Busball Bay area.
Okay. What goes on in a field operation where you go out and check out an unexplained Bay UFO?
Well, Dave, it really depends on the nature of the sighting itself, and each case is very different.
I've never found two that are alike, actually.
And so the approach that we take would really depend on the number of witnesses, how far away it is, what kind of case it is, as if, let's say, as the close counter of the second kind.
We would have to go prepared to take soil samples and radiation tests and residual magnetism tests and so forth.
So I can't give you a specific answer there.
I would like to, however, give you some idea of a case I'm working on right now, which in high field relates to an anomalous trying to be met, and it involves a pilot.
You may have read several years ago about a 20-year-old private pilot who's flying from Melbourne, Australia to a small island in the ocean south of Australia called King Island.
He was flying a Cessna 182 long-range model by himself, and he took off before sundown and planned to land at King Island just approximately at sundown.
He was about six minutes flying time out over the ocean from Cape Otway when he reported by radio to the flight service at Melbourne that he saw some traffic, air traffic, at his approximate altitude, which was about 4,500 feet.
Everything seemed normal in terms of his engine operation, and the weather was perfectly clear.
This was his second night flight, and he was gaining instrument time for commercial lights.
Another reason he was going down, according to the data I've collected, is to buy fish at King Island from the fishermen there to bring back for a RAF officers party that we're going to have shortly.
So he had two reasons to be out that night.
Well, he comes back on the radio and makes a request of Melbourne to find out if there are any airplanes in his vicinity because he sees four bright, quite landing lights coming towards him, and he assumes it's a military plane.
Well, to make a long story short, the tape record which has been transcribed and then released to the public by the Department of Transport lasts for about 12 minutes and has him describing a very strange phenomenon of flying objects outside his airplane, which he describes as being long and metallic with a green light on it, which does a number of things.
It approaches him from different directions, it hovers on top of him, it orbits about him on top, and when a pilot down there says orbit, it means a very tight circle or a bank, or a bank.
He says it's vanity, which means, I take that to mean that while he was looking at it, it just suddenly disappeared, and then about a minute later it showed up far off in the distance and came at him again.
So what I can learn from this, among other things, is that he is somehow the object of attention of this phenomenon. It is a single-pass, in which case it might be a military plane. I don't think it's a military plane.
The evidence that I've been able to collect from the boy's father, the boy's girlfriend, the instructors he had in great classes at Moraban Airport, and a great deal of other information leads me to believe that we do have here a very good candidate for a UFO sighting.
And I am now actually writing a full-length book on the subject to document all of the details, which are filling four notebooks now. It's an exciting case because at the end of the tape recording transmission to the ground, there's a 14-second long segment of a very strange sound.
It's hard to describe. I guess about the closest one to describe it is you take some empty cans and put them inside a garbage can and then shake the garbage can. And they occur, what I've been able to determine is a random sequence in time.
And I'm in now of the process of trying to duplicate the sounds by going flying in a Cessna 182 aircraft and to make sound effects on board the plane and then transmit those to the ground and analyze the sound with a sound spectrograph.
And I also have a voice stress analyzer that I'll be able to look at some other factors there. So that's one of a great number of cases which are most interesting and that happens to be the one I'm studying right now.
Yeah, that's going to be great. Alrighty. Let's back up and pick up the question about large-scale social ramifications at first contact and feel free to just ramble on and on.
Okay. I know this would probably all be theoretical. If I could have to all be theoretical. But what type of large-scale social ramifications would there be with first contact?
Well, I'm sure that many people have speculated about that including science fiction authors. And I'm an average reader of science fiction myself. I think it's a field for great creativity.
Let me try to approach the question from a number of points of view. First of all, I think that mankind is likely to go through various stages of response. The first being shock and disbelief.
Second, perhaps being a form of mobilization into either a fight or flight response. And then later on, later stages would probably be more intellectual. Where the Academy of Sciences of America and the Soviet Union would probably debate the issue and so forth.
So we go from an emotional response to an intellectual response, which is guided by more rationality with hope.
Now, depending on the nature of the first contact, that's of course the key issue here. How mankind and how the individual man on the street would perceive the visitors. Do they come in peace? What are their intentions? Do they intend to harm?
Depending on how we perceive their exposure to us would largely, I think, determine the individual and corporate response.
Now, if they came in mass with the Italians of UFOs, let's say, or large battle wagons, all off Star Wars, I think the response of mankind would be quite different than if they came in small groups, let's say a group of three vehicles to every capital of every native on the planet.
I think that on another level, looking at this from another point of view, the social ramifications of a first contact would be to force us to rethink our priorities in life. Is territoriality, for instance, a high priority or not?
It would force us to take a new look at our independence, or interdependency, person to person. I think it would force us to take a new look at what I would call our scheme of life, our hierarchy. What's important to the individual here?
I think in that realm, it probably would force each individual to perhaps come to terms with himself as not being the supreme creation that some people think they are. In other words, not making gods out of individuals.
I think it would probably shrink our concept of what is the universe, and perhaps even our definition of what is infinity. And I think perhaps it would begin to force us to look at this boundary between interspace and outer space, this real surreal dimension that philosophers like to talk about.
I think that such an impact would contribute, I'm sorry, not impact, but first contact might well contribute to our increased knowledge of ourselves and how fragile we are as individuals, both socially and psychologically.
You see, because of an impact, the context would challenge some long-held beliefs that have been around for thousands of years. Another dimension, another way of talking about first contact might be to force us to think, well, maybe we now have an opportunity to leave planet Earth or other realms or other planets or other worlds.
Do I really want to leave the planet? Our space program is opening up this potential with a space shuttle, of course, that will allow us to take reasonably large numbers of people into orbit for a while, up to a week at a time to begin with.
So entering our psyche now on planet Earth is this ability to leave if we want to, but we don't see long lines of people queuing up to leave.
So with that realization, we're no longer prisoners of the planet, but in fact we find that we like the planet and the Mother Earth.
It's the birthplace of life and we know it and we have no reason to leave. And so what's the outcome of that, but to realize it's a very fragile ecosphere, a closed environment, it's protecting us.
So we better watch out what we do with the ionosphere, for instance, from Solar Ultraviolet.
I think that these are all different ways that I would think of what might happen on a first contact. I'm sure there are many others, but those are kind of organizing concepts that I use to think about first contact, which I do, by the way.
Anyone that works in ufology has to take first contact very seriously and have some strategy or scenario worked out what you do. Is that kind of what you're looking for?
Yes. We might want to get in right here. You mentioned before when we were talking that you've never seen a UFO.
And didn't you say something along the lines that, I don't remember if you said you didn't believe in them, or I don't think you said you didn't believe in them.
No, I didn't say that.
I think you said you hadn't seen one.
Well, what I said was that, no, I have not ever seen a UFO. I've talked to a great many very credible people who have, however, and I have every reason to believe them, that they are seeing a very incredible thing.
I guess that's one answer to that.
That's a perfect answer. I'll just phrase my question to fit your answer.
Okay.
Alrighty.
There's another point I wanted to make along that line. I can't remember what it is, but it'll probably come back.
Okay.
The next question will be, does science fiction have any particular value in preparing people for first contact?
Good question.
And, well, here it goes. Does science fiction have any particular value in preparing persons for first contact?
Well, again, that's one of those questions I would have to answer yes and no.
For those kinds of personality types that go to science fiction movies and are impressionable, or, let's say, they have a great need to be stable in their environment and in response to the environment, I would say that science fiction probably doesn't affect them as much.
It would be a kind of personality that has a greater need to be dynamic, to think creatively, to expose themselves to rather diverse kinds of experiences.
And there are those differences of personality and culture, of course.
So, science fiction movies that I've seen have been largely, well, opening up new vistas as what might exist.
So, whether or not I want to believe it, I'm sorry, let me start over again.
Whether or not I want to accept the impact on myself or not as a science fiction movie is really not the issue because very deep in my subconscious, I believe, is the exposure I've had to every science fiction movie in the past, as well as everything else I've been exposed in the past.
So, let me illustrate this with a practical example.
For many years now, I have been administering UFO drawing tests to people.
And in this test, I give them a 5x7 inch white card and I ask them to write their age, occupation, whether or not they're male or female, whether or not they're right or left-handed, and then yes or no to the question, do you think you've ever seen a UFO?
And they'll circle the answer yes or no, or a question mark if they're not sure.
Then I have them turn the card over and draw a picture of what they think a UFO looks like.
Well, I've been doing this for many years and I have collected about a thousand drawings now from many cultures, many continents, many age groups, and occupations.
And what I find is the drawings made by people who claim to have seen a UFO are virtually no different than the drawings by people who have never seen one.
Now, what that says is that perhaps everybody has seen one, but not a real one, rather than a media representation of a UFO.
And to me, as a psychologist, I find that rather interesting data to think about.
Obviously, it's a rather small sample size and I am continuing to collect drawings to see if there are some more subtle effects beginning to emerge.
I have postulated that with a larger sample size, I will see the difference.
And perhaps differences along the line that UFO witnesses will be more constrained in the things they draw.
That's just a hypothesis at this point, or it means to be stated as true.
So that's a long-winded answer to your question about the possible impact of the media, one of which being planned for the movie.
Two last questions. One being, is there any particular area of the country which has more sightings than the other?
And the next one being, is there any particular time of year where there are more sightings than the other?
And you said you also wanted to comment about the time of day.
Yeah, I'll talk about all three of those just in a running narrative, if that's all right.
Okay, well I'll make the question so that it works out that way.
Is there any particular area of the country or any particular time of the year where there are more sightings than other?
Yes, as a matter of fact there is, Dave.
Based upon a statistical analysis from UPOCAT of approximately 65,000 cases at the time the study was done,
we find that California, the Central American States, Illinois, Indiana, Ohio,
and also the Northeastern region of America, continental America,
tend to have higher post-counters of the first, second, third time.
But we've also found some other interesting patterns that are starting to emerge,
that July tends to be the month of the year where the greatest number of sightings are obtained, reports of Tarnana, I need to say.
And also we've found that there is more likely to be a UFO sighting between 10 p.m. and midnight than any other time of the day.
And in some work that I've done on airline pilots, I've found that there are two times to the day that are more likely than others for them to see a UFO.
The same as before, that's about 10 p.m. to midnight is the first peak of sighting frequency.
But there's an interesting second peak for pilots between 2 and 3 a.m. in the morning.
And so obviously this is not a finding which is related to the number of airplanes flying.
I think it might have something more to do with the visibility conditions at night.
Obviously if your eyes are dark adapted to the nighttime conditions and you are outdoors,
you're more likely to see a light in the sky, obviously, than during the daytime,
when that same light in the sky would be masked by the background brightness.
So we have found some rather interesting patterns in the statistical analysis of the data,
but clearly we need more data to really be more sure of this finding.
Alrighty. Did you think of that other thing you wanted to talk about?
Yes, I did. Thank you, as a matter of fact.
Okay, what is it? Now I'll make a question to fit it.
Okay, well what I'm going to briefly say is that since UFOs don't occur at predictable times,
places that makes everybody a potential witness.
And consequently they should know what to do about it.
Very good.
Okay, when you get through answering that I'm going to ask where a person should get in contact.
If they do see something, where can they get in contact with the centrifugal states?
I'm going to pull out an address now. So I'm ready for that.
Okay. Let's do a little voice test here.
Okay. Test one, two, three.
Sounds great.
All right.
Let me think here.
It's a little hard to get into, isn't it?
Yeah, okay, I think I got it.
Okay.
If a person was to see a UFO, what should they do in order to keep a good record of what they saw?
Or what should a person do under those circumstances?
Dave, may I suggest that in the question you dub in, that you give me more of a lead-in to the end?
I'm going to start out there because I'm going to be talking about the randomness of the occurrences.
Science depends upon controlling the conditions and repeatability, but we don't have that in UFO studies.
So we have to do the best we can.
And that means we rely upon eyewitnesses.
And then who are the eyewitnesses?
Well, they're almost everybody.
Why? Because we can't predict where these things are going to occur.
So it makes all of us witnesses potentially.
You see what I'm saying?
That's a question match your answer.
Okay, well let me just start out then.
Is that all right?
Sure.
One of the fundamental tenets of scientific research is that we're able to control the conditions in such a way that we can make sense out of the stimulus and then the subsequent response.
Unfortunately, we're not able to do that in studies of UFOs because we cannot predict when and where they're going to occur with any reliability.
Because they do occur unexpectedly in time and space, I think there's an important lesson there because it means that none of us know whether or not we're going to be an eyewitness.
Now, since that is true, I think it behooves all of us to know what to do if we should become an eyewitness.
And so I'd like to just mention briefly that the Center for UFO Studies in Evanston, Illinois has a telephone number which is operated 24 hours a day.
And we encourage people with sightings to call that number and to give the details to the person who answers.
After a person has done that, they may be contacted by a field investigator such as myself for further information.
So let me give you that phone number at the Center for UFO Studies in Illinois.
The phone number is area code 312-491-6666.
Again, let me repeat that number. Area code 312-491-6666.
And the listeners can be assured that everything will be kept confidential and there will be no publicity given to the details, the name of the witness or the sighting at all.
Our entire concern is with a scientific understanding of the phenomenon and not with publicity.
Okay, that was very good.
And I'm going to now follow it up with, is there any type of newsletter that the Center has?
Is it the address that you have the same one they had right for the newsletter or they'll be a different one?
Yes, it is.
Okay.
They used to have a publication called the International UFO Reporter, but it very recently has been merged with the Second Look magazine.
And that's the subscription magazine. It has pretty good quality articles in it, I must say, and it's about two years old now.
So we really don't have a publication by the Center and this is published, I think, in New York.
I'd go get a copy to have that address if you want.
Okay.
I don't know what your position is on free publicity like that.
I'll tell you what, since that isn't really published by you guys, and I don't mind giving you guys all the free PR we can do on the show.
Sure.
Let me say this. We do have a publication list that the, you have a department of publications back at the Center and we've published quite a number of research articles, reports on specific cases and landing trace cases and so forth.
Hey.
Your listener might want to write to the Center for that list of publications they can get.
Okay. I'll make my question work so that would be your answer.
Okay.
If a person's interested in learning more about uFology and what the Center for UFO studies does, can they get ahold of them and find that out?
Yes, they certainly can. I would urge them to write the Center for UFO studies at 1609 Sherman Avenue, Suite 207.
And that's Evanston, Illinois.
60201.
Let me repeat that once more.
That's the Center for UFO studies.
1609 Sherman Avenue,
Suite 207.
Evanston, Illinois.
And the zip is 60201.
Anyone who does write to the Center should ask for a list of publications of the Center.
And I think they'll be surprised to find a rather wide range of available books and pamphlets.
There's a tape slide series that's available and some pretty technical reports that have been written on specific cases.
Okay.
I certainly do appreciate this and...
Oh, keep up the good work. It's very interesting what you're doing.
Well, good. I'm glad to hear that. And if you hear of anything down there, give me a call.
I'll keep an eye on the sky.
Okay, thanks.